this is it Yugi me and you the final
battle the duel that everyone's been
waiting for
I'm not gonna hold back you bet Jaden
this is going to be super special
awesome I can't wait to see your
strength
well all right it's time the world king
of games you know what hold me don't be
lame this is serious you gotta do it
your title says you have to if you think
you're hot okay check this out bang
boom boom diggity Dawg hey what'd you
say Jay okay your repartee sleaze same
again trading cards you should just take
a ballet you want a duel don't act the
floor I'll just tell you bitch please
the only consolation here is you're not
funk baby so play the damn card Punk
because it's time to throwdown
I'm glad it's one-on-one because all
your friends are clowns can't wait to
see your face turn to sheer disgrace
when I duel your punk ass right out of
this place really late
you get this Osler saying yes they are
look at yourself said to be ashamed by
the king of gay that was it-- but let me
lace up fresh Anya Jaden you're not
black you bout to witness me absolutely
flawless Oh fYI you I've been taking
everyone agrees dude that is pretty gay
you know something Jaden I don't think
you know who you're dealing with will
allow me to fill you in
I'm the mother flippin king of games my
hair spike Japan's are really tall and
sexy sexy if you choose to defend I've
got to condescend colors my dark magic
attack will drive you straight on the
bed
I've got god cards I won from battle
City don't believe me listen carefully
to this ditty and by the buyer cause the
shitty and so's your show watch what
happens when Slifer takes on winged
curry the commoner Celtic Guardian my
lyrics will blow your cranium thinking
what does why I never summon it hang on
here I think I got it they call me the
Celtic Guardian stronger than titanium
sharp as a comedian Here I am sold out
all the stadium I'm not a lower-class
dueling monster where did you get that
ridiculous conception do the blue-eyes
White Dragon tell you that the blue-eyes
White Dragon
seriously
my drop and smokers they don't make
sense because the card descriptions are
so immense if you duel with me it won't
be tense because against my monsters
you've no defense my cards are so potent
I might seem conceited in fact all of my
opponents could swear that I cheated
sure sometimes you can I swap places who
cares as long as my enemies have a peg
on their faces of the duelists just me
say my cards are sissy why why why why
exactly why there's nothing girly about
the dark magician girl and only real men
use but upon Jaden let's face it you're
second best
I'm sending you straight back to Yuki
OGX your decks unbalanced your hair
Zachary hey mother flippin